This tiny trick makes your loot system
feel expensive. If you want your loot
system to feel more polished, don't make
every rarity item one by one. Use create
image from style reference pro. Drop in
your four base items like a sword, a
shield, a potion, and a ring, then
prompt it with create four rarity
variants for each item: common, rare,
epic, and legendary. [music] Keep the
same core item designs and overall
style, but make each rarity
progressively more detailed, ornate, and
valuable looking. The amount of outputs
depends on the size you choose.
So, smaller assets give you more room to
experiment. And just like that, your
inventory goes from here's a sword to
which version did you get? And that's
the difference between random items and
loot people actually want to collect.
Make sure to check it out at
pixellab.ai.